Expand Difficulty Increase mod articles (#12629)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Nightcore_(lazer)/en.md

*For the osu!stable version of this article, see: [Nightcore (mod)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Nightcore)*\
*For the full list of all [lazer](/wiki/Client/Release_stream/Lazer) mods, see: [Game modifier (lazer)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier_(lazer))*

> The **Nightcore** mod behaves exactly like [Double Time](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Double_Time_(lazer)) when it comes to speed change and difficulty settings modification. It only highers the audio frequency by 150% without the possibility of adjusting the pitch through customisation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Nightcore** mod behaves exactly as [Double Time](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Double_Time_(lazer)) regarding speed changes and difficulty adjustments. However, it specifically increases the audio frequency by 150% without offering the pitch adjustment options available in customization settings.
```

## Customisation

![Nightcore customisation options in the game client](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier_(lazer)/img/customise/NC.jpg)

> - **Speed increase** (1,01x-2,00x, default 1,50x): The speed at which the map is played.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Speed increase** (1,01x-2,00x, default: 1,50x): The speed at which the map is played.
```
